# School_District_Analysis
## Module_4_Challenge.ipynb file has all the code!
The data that we used in this analysis project came from a csv file, which consisted of data on a student: their unique id, name, grade they were in at the time, school name where they were enrolled, their math and reading scores, the type of their school (Charter/Public) and school's budget. After importing the required libraries: pandas and os, data was collected into a 'student_df' named dataframe. Using this dataframe, we were able to proceed further with the analysis process. Next, we cleaned and prepared data which included removing the missing (Nan) values and it was observed that most of those missing values were either the math scores or the reading scores. Next, we removed the duplicate rows which would have otherwise skewed our final results. Moving on to the summary of the data, we calculated different statistics involving the students' scores. The average math score was close to 65 and the minimum reading score was 10.5 and the student's name who scored that was Matthew Thomas from Dixon High School (a Charter school). After observing just a few rows of the reading scores from the Dixon High School, it was captured that most of the scores were low. The last step in our analysis was to compare the data and to make sense of our findings. It was observed that public schools have a bigger budget as compared to the Charter schools. Also, 'Montgomery High School' had largest number of total students as compared to the 'Chang High School' which had the lowest number. In terms of the average math scores, Charter schools did better for grades 9, 10 and 11. On the other hand, the Public schools did better in those scores for only grade 12.   
